{% docs challenge38 %}
## My solution:
- Create the sales and employee tables, the view and a stream. All with no data.
- The view is never recreated so as not to invalidate the stream.
- Run the models once to fill in the data.
- Run only the downstream view deleted_sales preceeded by a pre-hook to delete entries.

Create the table structure (empty) and the stream:
`dbt run -s +challenge_38_04_deleted_sales --full-refresh --vars '{"ch38_init":"valid"}'`
Populate the employee & sales tables -- view is never again ran:
`dbt run -s +challenge_38_04_deleted_sales --exclude challenge_38_03_employee_sales`
Delete from one of the upstream tables using a pre-hook, then adding the deletes
to the end table from the stream:
`dbt run -s challenge_38_04_deleted_sales --vars '{"ch38_update":"valid"}'`


## the prompt
Week 38
The Challenge
With every month, we get more Snowflake updates! This month, we’ve seen the general release of Stream on Views hit General Availability!
To celebrate this, we’ve created this basic challenge, focussed on Streams.


We’ve had some issues with sales being rung-up but then not showing up in the system anymore. We’ve got a feeling that they’re being removed and would like to very quickly see if that’s the case. Could you help out the store with the following?

Use the above structure to :
– Add a stream to the employee_sales VIEW
– Keep track of every deletion that was made
– Move these into a new table called ‘deleted_sales’

Use the following block of code to quickly form your table/view basis :
```
-- Create first table
CREATE TABLE employees (
id INT,
name VARCHAR(50),
department VARCHAR(50)
);

-- Insert example data into first table

INSERT INTO employees (id, name, department)
VALUES
(1, "Alice" "Sales"),
(2, "Bob", "Marketing");

-- Create second table
CREATE TABLE sales (
id INT,
employee_id INT,
sale_amount DECIMAL(10, 2)
);

-- Insert example data into second table
INSERT INTO sales (id, employee_id, sale_amount)
VALUES
(1, 1, 100.00),
(2, 1, 200.00),
(3, 2, 150.00);

-- Create view that combines both tables
CREATE VIEW employee_sales AS
SELECT e.id, e.name, e.department, s.sale_amount
FROM employees e
JOIN sales s ON e.id = s.employee_id;

-- Query the view to verify the data
SELECT * FROM employee_sales;
```

{% enddocs %}